okay so here we go I'm gonna introduce
to you the the blues cube essentially
this came out last year and the story so
far is that mr. Eric Johnson who was
very impressed with the amplifier and
wanted to do a custom version because he
was so impressed so the engineers flew
to his hopes to you and took on the the
process of making the custom changes
that he was really interested in so they
spent many days doing this and hence
this tone capture was born and if you
see on the wall here you simply attach
it to either the 60 or the 80 watt
version and you'll get exactly it
reverses the out to his personal
specification so simply I'm just going
to give you some comparison this is the
one with Aang the capsule and it's very
nice so here we go
nice and lean and be of crunch very
responsive feeling to that I'm going to
go to the tone capsule one this is in
the 80 watt here get first a little bit
of clean for comparison
and then the more famous turn which is
his Drive Channel
now the other thing is with these apps
you can use the dual tone so that means
that the clean and the drive together
and that sounds very nice you get a
little bit more attack and finally you
know it really takes pedals very well
I've got some of the new boss wise and
craft pedals the the Blues driver and
the super overdrive for example here's
the clean time with a British driver
super overdrive and you can even use
them together works well
so we're together real expressive arm
feels good to play that's it really